Update Spyder 6 install guide with the changes since Spyder 5 (#417)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/installation.rst

Author: ```suggestion
.. _Miniforge: https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge
```

Remove Mambaforge per your other comments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If using Mamba, substitute ``mamba`` for ``conda`` in the following commands.
```

Try Spyder online
=================

Want to try out Spyder before installing it?
With `Binder`_, you can open a functional copy of Spyder online that runs right in your web browser, with no installation needed.

> Visit the `Spyder Binder`_ to get started using Spyder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the `Spyder Binder`_ page to get started using Spyder.
```

Sounds better to me this way.

Standalone installers
=====================

> The standalone installers are our recommended method for most users on Windows, macOS and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standalone installers are our recommended installation method for most users on Windows, macOS and Linux.
```

Seems missing.

Author: ```suggestion
The standalone installers are recommended for most users on Windows, macOS and Linux.
```

They work like any other IDE, where Spyder can be installed and updated independently of the Python environments you use to run your code.
This avoids the problems with incompatible packages and broken installations users can face when managing Spyder's installation themselves, mixed with their own working environments.

The installers include a built-in Python environment with the most common scientific libraries (e.g. NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Matpotlib, etc), which can be used out of the box for basic data analysis tasks.

> While an official Environment Manager plugin is currently in beta that will allow you to create and manage your own environments right from Spyder's interface without installing anything else, we currently recommend connecting to an external Python distribution (such as `Anaconda`_, `Miniconda`_, `Miniforge/Mambaforge`_, `WinPython`_ or `Python.org <Python_>`__) to your standalone copy of Spyder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use additional packages, we currently recommend connecting an external Python distribution (such as `Anaconda`_, `Miniconda`_, `Miniforge/Mambaforge`_ or `Python.org <Python_>`__) to your standalone copy of Spyder.
```

* I don't know when I'll have time to finish that project (at this point, probably next year), so better not to advertise it yet, When it's out, we'll rewrite this paragraph.
* Remove unnecessary `to`.
* I think we should add a link to the FAQ that explains how to connect our installers to externals envs. But I'll leave that to you.
* WinPython is not that well maintained.

Author: ```suggestion
To use additional packages, we currently recommend connecting an external Python distribution (such as `Anaconda`_, `Miniconda`_, `Miniforge`_ or `Python.org <Python_>`__) to your standalone copy of Spyder.
```

Removed Mambaforge per your other comments

For more information on this, see our :ref:`FAQ entry on the subject <using-packages-installer>`.

.. note::

   A built-in plugin manager allowing you to easily install Spyder plugins not already bundled with the installers is being developed for Spyder 6.2.
   For now, if you require third-party plugins, we recommend installing Spyder via :ref:`install-conda`.

.. _install-standalone-installing:

Downloading and installing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To download the supported Spyder installer for your platform, simply click the appropriate link below; you can also browse all installer versions from the `downloads page`_.

> Then, double-click the downloaded file to open the installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, double-click the downloaded file to open the installer on Windows and macOS, or run it with ``bash`` in a terminal on Linux.
```

Seems missing.

Author: Add code snippet for Linux

```suggestion
Then, double-click the downloaded file to open the installer on Windows and macOS, or run it with ``bash`` in a terminal on Linux (``bash path/to/downloaded/Spyder-Linux-x86_64.sh``).
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By default, Spyder checks for updates automatically on startup, and you can also check manually with :menuselection:`Help --> Check for updates`.

> Standalone installers for Spyder 6+ include update functionality built right into Spyder, which after checking for updates will display a prompt to automatically download and install the current version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standalone installers for Spyder 6+ include update functionality built right into the application, which after checking for updates will display a prompt to automatically download and install the latest version.
```

* Avoid repeating Spyder.
* Isn't the current version the one present in users' systems?

=========================

Spyder is included by default in the `Anaconda`_ Python distribution, which comes with everything you need to get started in an all-in-one package.

> It can also be easily installed in the much lighter-weight `Miniconda`_ and (recommended) `Miniforge/Mambaforge`_, which include just the Conda/Mamba package and environment manager allowing you to create your own environments with any packages you need (with Miniforge defaulting to the Conda-Forge channel instead of the commercial Anaconda channel, and Mambaforge on top of that replacing Conda with the faster alternative Mamba).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also be easily installed in the much lighter-weight `Miniconda`_ and (recommended) `Miniforge`_, which include just the Conda/Mamba package and environment manager.
They allow you to create your own environments with any packages you need, with Miniforge defaulting to the Conda-Forge channel instead of the commercial Anaconda channel.
```

* Break this long sentence into two.
* Remove reference to Mambaforge because it was [deprecated](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge?tab=readme-ov-file#should-i-choose-one-or-another-going-forward-at-the-risk-of-one-of-them-getting-deprecated)

Author: Also removed Mambaforge several other places

> This is our recommended installation method if you require third-party Spyder plugins or full Variable Explorer support for your own custom packages, as support for both of these in our standalone installers is under active development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is our recommended installation method if you require third-party Spyder plugins or full Variable Explorer support for specialized libraries (e.g. Polars or Scikit-Learn), as support for both of these in our standalone installers is under active development.
```

Custom code can already be viewed in the Variable Explorer. The problem is with libraries like Scikit-learn, Polars, etc.

Author: Change Polars to PyTorch, change specialized -> arbitrary, other phrasing tweaks

```suggestion
This is our recommended installation method if you require third-party Spyder plugins or Variable Explorer compatibility with inspecting objects from specialized libraries (e.g. PyTorch or Scikit-Learn), as support for both of these in our standalone installers is still under active development.
```

   conda create -c conda-forge -n spyder-env spyder

This installs Spyder into a new environment called ``spyder-env``, using the more up-to-date, non-restricted Conda-Forge channel.

> To make sure future installs/updates in this environment also use Conda-Forge and are faster and more reliable, make sure to set it as your environment's default channel with strict channel priority enabled, if this isn't the case already (as it is with Miniforge/Mambaforge or if you've manually configured it):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure future installs/updates in this environment also use Conda-Forge and are faster and more reliable, make sure to set it as your environment's default channel with strict channel priority enabled, if this isn't the case already (as it is with Miniforge or if you've manually configured it):
```
